Whoops.

I woke up today feeling kinda strange. I've felt really disconnected recently and I'm not quite sure why. I've felt like this ever since I came back from Chicago. I only had one class today but completely forgot the time we were supposed to meet, even though it's been the same time every week for the last eight weeks.
1:00 every Thursday, that's when my piano lesson is supposed to be, but I completely missed it. I feel a little bad for wasting my Professor's time.

I've been learning Gnossiene No. 1 by Eric Satie-- I love the piece so much! It's so moody and dramatic, I really love how I can express myself within his music!
Pretty soon I'm supposed to perform it, but my Professor wants me to get a head-start on my performance piece for the spring concert. I think that means she's confident in my ability to play Satie!

I can't choose whether I want to work on Merry-Go-Round of Life or Bach's Oboe Concerto for Piano. 
I'm leaning towards the Bach piece. It'd be easier to prepare for the concert. But I really love the mysticism of Merry-Go-Round of Life! 

I think that maybe I'll practice both pieces, but only perform the Bach. They're both quite excellent!

In other news, I think I need my wisdom teeth removed. I've noticed that there's a cut on the inside of my mouth, proximal to my right second upper molar.
It's impossible for me to bite my cheek in that area. I think that the molar is coming in sideways, which is unfortunate because it means that I need surgery and it can't just be pulled out.

Depending on the way wisdom teeth come in, you can pull them without problem. However, it's impossible to pull out a wisdom tooth that's coming in sideways and is trapped underneath the gums.
What's most likely going to happen is that the dentist (or orthodontist? I have no idea.) I go to is going to make an incision on my gums, drill the tooth down into a fine powder, and then suck up the powdered tooth with a vaccuum.

Or at least that's what I think will happen, I have no idea I'm not a doctor. I just remember someone telling me this like two years ago and detailing that specific surgery.
I just hope that it doesn't cause any nerve damage, I want to be able to feel my jaw, it would suck not being able to get the crunch from crunchy foods!
